software cessation 115 and today I'm
going to be showing you guys these three
rooms well like that are we replaced in
this house this house is pretty old like
30 years old yeah we moved here like a
couple like 10 years ago and I I never
know about this until yesterday when I
went to get food from my fridge see in a
place like a square duct tape my dad
taught me all about these three rooms I
never even seen and ever liked because
you're hit their head in your heading
rooms so I'm gonna show you guys the
first one it's like it's a square it's
duct tape like because no one's been in
it and it's the same size as this room
same size as this and right now we're
underground like it's cement over here
like underground so you come right here
like getting my food on this Ridge
then over here see over here that you're
stuck taking duct tape and yeah like
there's a hole in here like you can open
this
if you remove every duct tape see you
can like remove the view if you remove
those you can open this which will you
do the same size this room that the next
door and behind this like this is like
that stop of my house like this is where
it ends for my yard after just a street
the road so I'm guessing that this part
is under the road or under my front yard
I don't know my fires pretty big yeah
and the second one is down here it's in
my I don't know if the call this room
but it's in this room use it for storage
in this wheel over here look I was
raining the other day behind all of
these under the stairs right under my
room right in the room there's like a
little space like this much if you go
like if you cross through it and all
that you'll be right under my room like
good like under I'll spider up something
you'll be right on in my room like and
in my room yeah like I can't really move
anything here because remember one thing
everything I fall down I have to clean
that I'm really too lazy for that yeah
and in my room it like - it's very funny
you can tell that the for start to fall
I fall if for the right time break can
we see anything from now on right here
just over here should be a good place to
listen to really back but yeah
you can tell see we put stuff just so
nothing comes out of this stuff down
there that it's not for see you can't ah
like this is you can see that's going
down yeah I'm scared I'll be sleeping
one day on my bed and just wake up and
this is all falling on me or whatever
you don't know what will happen but the
rest I'm Mac my room will be bigger
now the third place is upstairs love to
pause the video for a sec and you'll be
right back alright guys uh can you show
you anything in this room cuz my parents
room so I'm just got like been pointing
at the place I want you guys to see look
I forgot about this place too but this
actually two places here I want you guys
to see can't go around the room because
this picks up my mom so over here we
have my attic you can see that there's
an attic you can alternate but you never
never use it we never even like when
first moved in here we never even opened
it to see well my dad opened it just to
see what's up there and now it's like uh
like Polly spiders rats everything you
can think of it really bad yeah I never
this place is pretty big it's like yeah
it's pretty pretty big my dad set and
here this leads right to my kitchen
there is a window a window here between
my kitchen and my parents bedroom it's
great if you like it's covered by a yeah
it's covered I'll close this oh yeah we
close it watch card and
pretty nice just yeah I don't really
want to open therefore so nothing can
pop out oh look
looks like we open it from the other
side
uh-uh I just wanna anything calm down
all right
and be back bouncers in a second all
right guys you're downstairs I just
wanted like before I leave I just want
to talk to you guys about a sec like I
play ps3 coffee - black ops I'm doing
three black ops - anything and you know
start my elite my want elite clan just
like if I'm trying to recruit people
like I'm good at quickscoping one one
one me go ahead see if I'm good
I'll accept any challenge put my PSN in
the description and uh yeah I'm just
like looking for record people it I'm
like so far Malone's like me my friend
right now started like the other day and
I just got to get as much people as I
can like as you know tractor with me
choked up ah Chang's caring so I'm just
trying to share this information with
you guys
just guys my views my 50 views vendor
get more than that
yeah so thank you again guys this HTML
15 I hope you guys like this guys do
please tell me to make another video
about anything
thank y'all think I'm buying an HP HP
PVR to start doing some call do backups
- montages not have the best
commentaries but try doing my best okay
thank you bye